Adding a README.md and updating the BUILDING.md (#75)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit: BUILDING.md

> If you'd like to build your own kit instead of relying on an Amazon-provided one, follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to build the Bottlerocket core kit

If you'd like to build your own copy of the core kit for local development, follow these steps.
```

## Dependencies
#### System Requirements
The build process artifacts and resulting images can consume in excess of 80GB in the local directory.

> The build process is also fairly demanding on your CPU, since we build all included software from scratch. (This is only done Tte first time.  Package builds are  cached, and only changes are built afterward.)

Reviewer 2: Typo: Tte for the.
Nit: I suggest removing parentheses around the last two sentences.

> The build process is also fairly demanding on your CPU, since we build all included software from scratch. (This is only done Tte first time.  Package builds are  cached, and only changes are built afterward.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build process is also fairly demanding on your CPU, since we build all included software from scratch. (This is only done the first time. Package builds are cached, and only changes are built afterward.)
```

The build scales well to 32+ cores.
The first time you build, the fastest machines can take about 20 minutes while slower machines with only a couple cores can take 3-4 hours.
#### Linux
The build system requires certain operating system packages to be installed.
Ensure the following packages are installed:
##### Ubuntu
```shell
apt install build-essential openssl libssl-dev pkg-config liblz4-tool
```
##### Fedora
```shell
yum install make automake gcc openssl openssl-devel pkg-config lz4 perl-FindBin perl-lib
```

#### Rust
The build system is based on the Rust language.
We recommend you install the latest stable Rust using [rustup](https://rustup.rs/), either from the official site or your development host's package manager.
Rust 1.51.0 or higher is required.
To organize build tasks, we use [cargo-make](https://sagiegurari.github.io/cargo-make/).
To get it, run:
```shell
cargo install cargo-make
```

> There are two paths to enable the required capabilities in docker for use with OOTB. You can modify your existing docker daemon to enable OCI support or you can install and optional container orchestration tool called Crane

Reviewer 2: Typo: "install and optional" should be "install an optional"

> There are two paths to enable the required capabilities in docker for use with OOTB. You can modify your existing docker daemon to enable OCI support or you can install and optional container orchestration tool called Crane

Reviewer: I would strongly recommend steering people toward installing `crane`; it is much more performant than the `docker` path. You can keep the previous Docker section to talk about installing that, since it's also required.

Author: Added the sentence 
```
We recommend using `crane` (and `gcrane`) over `docker` as it has shown better performance in our testing.
```

#### Docker
Bottlerocket uses [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/#supported-platforms) to orchestrate package and image builds.
We recommend Docker 20.10.10 or later.
Builds rely on Docker's integrated BuildKit support, which has received many fixes and improvements in newer versions.
The default seccomp policy of older versions of Docker do not support the `clone3` syscall in recent versions of Fedora or Ubuntu, on which the Bottlerocket SDK is based.
You'll need to have Docker installed and running, with your user account added to the `docker` group.
Docker's [post-installation steps for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/) will walk you through that.

> You'll also need to enable the containerd-snapshotter and buildkit features for your docker daemon. This is required to ensure docker compatibility with OCI Images (which Kits are stored in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll also need to enable the containerd-snapshotter and buildkit features for your docker daemon. This is required to ensure docker compatibility with OCI Images (which kits are stored in).
```

```json
{
  "features": {
    "buildkit": true,
    "containerd-snapshotter": true
  }

> }

Reviewer 3: Might be good to point the path of the docker daemon config. *Default: /etc/docker/daemon.json*

```
#### Crane

> Crane is a container tool that the container registry team at google have published that handles oci image operations cleaner. It does not require a daemon and thus you shouldn't need the above docker features to use it. Twoliter (since 0.4.2) now supports utilizing crane instead of docker if it is installed. 

Reviewer 2: Nit: "operations cleaner" should be "operations more cleanly."

> Crane is a container tool that the container registry team at google have published that handles oci image operations cleaner. It does not require a daemon and thus you shouldn't need the above docker features to use it. Twoliter (since 0.4.2) now supports utilizing crane instead of docker if it is installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[crane](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/blob/main/cmd/crane/README.md) is a tool for interacting with remote images and registries.. It does not require a daemon and thus you don't need the above Docker features to use it. Twoliter supports utilizing `crane` (or `gcrane`) instead of `docker` if it is installed. 
```

> [Installation Instructions](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/tree/main/cmd/crane)

Reviewer: nit: I would work this into a sentence somewhere rather than just dropping a hyperlink here

also we should recommend `gcrane` for automatically using cloud provider credentials

Author: Makes sense. Worked it into a sentence instead

> ## Build the Kit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build the core kit
```

Building the core kit can be done by using the makefile targets.
```
make ARCH=<architecture>
```

> The kit build will result in an extracted local kit of the core kit in `build/kits/bottlerocket-core-kit`. Along with the extracted version of the core kit you will see a tar archive inside the same path for the architecture that was built. This is the OCI image generated by twoliter.

Reviewer: This is sort of an implementation detail that the build system abstracts over. Not sure we need to include it.

> ## Publish the Kit
> After the kit has been built you can then publish the kit image to your private registry. This will allow you to consume it to build and test a variant.
> ### Setup a private ECR for development/testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Publish the core kit
After the kit has been built you can then publish the kit image to your private registry. This will allow you to consume it to build and test a variant.

### Use a private registry for development
```

> It is recommended that you have some form of protected container registry to use for testing. Currently twoliter does not allow the transfer of locally stored kits between a local copy of bottlerocket-core-kit and bottlerocket. 

Reviewer: nit: I would omit the second sentence, since it forces an awkward choice between using project names vs. the preferred names:
```suggestion
It is recommended that you have some form of protected container registry to use for testing.
```

For testing purposes you can either utilize mutable tags to allow overriding of multiple versions of a core kit as you test, or you can use immutable tags and continuously bump the core kit version via the `Twoliter.toml`. 

> ### Setup Infra.toml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure Infra.toml
```

An `Infra.toml` file needs to be created and should have a definition of your vendor (container registry) in order to publish the kits you build. To do so make sure that the `Infra.toml` has the below.
```

> [aws]
> regions = ["<region>"]

Reviewer: These lines aren't required for kit publishing, just AMI publishing:
```suggestion
```

[vendor.<vendor-name>]
registry = "####.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
```

> After the kit has been built locally the kit can be published to the provided vendor in Infra.toml. This operation can also be handled by the makefile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the kit has been built locally, the kit can be published to the provided vendor in `Infra.toml`. This operation can also be handled by the makefile.
```

```

> make publish VENDOR=<vendor-name>

Reviewer 3: Correct me if I am wrong. You need to rotate your docker credential with the ECR access. So it would be good to mention that it is needed before we can publish.
```
aws ecr get-login-password --region us-west-2 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin ####.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com
```

Author: Yup. I added this in. Thanks!

```

> At this point, there should be a core-kit image in ECR which can be consumed when building a variant to test and validate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, there should be a core kit image in your private registry which can be consumed when building a variant.
```

> ## Building a Variant with the published kit image

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Consuming the published kit image
```

> This section will cover building a variant to test a build of the core kit as done above. Please note this section does not cover the complete complexity of testing a change to the bottlerocket OS. For this see the [BUILDING](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/BUILDING.md) section in the [bottlerocket](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will cover building a variant to test a build of the core kit as done above. Please note this section does not cover the complete complexity of testing a change to Bottlerocket. For this see the [BUILDING](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/BUILDING.md) section in the [bottlerocket](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/) repository.
```

> ### Setup Twoliter.toml for testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure Twoliter.toml
```

> To consume a private copy of the bottlerocket core kit with your changes built into it, you need to define the vendor that points to your container registry in `Twoliter.toml` and adjust the core kit dependency:

Reviewer: nit: I didn't look for other occurrences but please take another editing pass and be sure to use "Bottlerocket" consistently:

```suggestion
To consume a private copy of the Bottlerocket core kit with your changes built into it, you need to define the vendor that points to your container registry in `Twoliter.toml` and adjust the core kit dependency:
```

```
[vendor.my-vendor]
registry = "####.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
[[kit]]
name = "bottlerocket-core-kit" # Name of your ECR repo
version = "2.x.y" # your version tag you want to test
vendor = "my-vendor"
```

> Any time you change the vendor and/or version of the kit above you need to run twoliter update to update the Twoliter.lock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any time you change the vendor or version of the kit above, you will need to run `twoliter update` to update `Twoliter.lock`.
```

```

> twoliter update

Reviewer 3: Need to check if `twoliter` is exposed in the `PATH` in the environment. 

Otherwise, it is consumable in `./tools/twoliter/twoliter update`.

```
### Build a Variant

> Now you can build a variant, ami etc using the standard well known cargo make commands such as,

Reviewer: I would leave this part out since it's not related to building or publishing a core kit.

```

> cargo make

Reviewer 3: Should we mention that, at this point, one should navigate to `bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket` repo and perform the commands below. 

`cargo make` won't work under core-kit.

Author: Following Ben's suggestion, I'm removing this section. The `## Consuming the published kit image` section explicitly links to `bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket`. Let me know if this is still unclear with the new changes!

The build scales well to 32+ cores.
The first time you build, the fastest machines can take about 20 minutes while slower machines with only a couple cores can take 3-4 hours.
#### Linux
The build system requires certain operating system packages to be installed.
Ensure the following packages are installed:
##### Ubuntu
```shell
apt install build-essential openssl libssl-dev pkg-config liblz4-tool
```
##### Fedora
```shell
yum install make automake gcc openssl openssl-devel pkg-config lz4 perl-FindBin perl-lib
```

#### Rust
The build system is based on the Rust language.
We recommend you install the latest stable Rust using [rustup](https://rustup.rs/), either from the official site or your development host's package manager.
Rust 1.51.0 or higher is required.
To organize build tasks, we use [cargo-make](https://sagiegurari.github.io/cargo-make/).
To get it, run:
```shell
cargo install cargo-make
```
There are two paths to enable the required capabilities in docker for use with OOTB. You can modify your existing docker daemon to enable OCI support or you can install an optional container orchestration tool called Crane.

> We recommend using `crane` (and `gcrane`) over `docker` as it has shown better performance in our testing.

Reviewer 4: This section is under "Rust" which doesn't make much sense. Maybe the first line can be dropped, and the second, beginning with "We recommend.." can be included in the below "Crane" section.

Reviewer 5: This is really about building OCI artifacts, so we could have the heading be:
```
### OCI Artifacts

Building a kit results in building OCI artifacts, there are two ways to build these artifacts: `crane` and `docker` with the `containerd-snapshotter`.

#### Crane

We recommend using `crane` (and `gcrane`) over `docker` as it has shown better performance in our testing.

#### Docker
....
```

Or something similar to highlight there are two options here and it isn't really under `Rust`

> We recommend using `crane` (and `gcrane`) over `docker` as it has shown better performance in our testing.

Reviewer: I said `gcrane` before, but it's actually `krane` that has the built-in support for cloud provider credentials, and that's what I run locally.

```
make publish VENDOR=<vendor-name>
```
At this point, there should be a core kit image in your private registry which can be consumed when building a variant to test and validate.

## Consuming the published kit image
This section will cover building a variant to test a build of the core kit as done above. Please note this section does not cover the complete complexity of testing a change to Bottlerocket. For this see the [BUILDING](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/BUILDING.md) section in the [Bottlerocket](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/) repository.

### Configure Twoliter.toml
To consume a private copy of the Bottlerocket core kit with your changes built into it, you need to define the vendor that points to your container registry in `Twoliter.toml` and adjust the core kit dependency:
```
[vendor.my-vendor]
registry = "####.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com"
[[kit]]
name = "bottlerocket-core-kit" # Name of your ECR repo
version = "2.x.y" # your version tag you want to test
vendor = "my-vendor"
```
Any time you change the vendor or version of the kit above you need to run `twoliter update` to update the `Twoliter.lock`
```

> ./tools/twoliter/twoliter update

Reviewer 4: This must be run on changes to the `release-version` in `Twoliter.toml` when building a kit too, not just in consuming a kit. I feel like that should be mentioned somewhere, but I'm also okay with it as is since the error message is pretty self explanatory.
